Description

In this stage, you will program the Automated readability index (ARI). It was introduced in 1968 and a lot of research works 
rely on this. The index is calculated by the following formula:

score = 4.71 * {characters / words} + 0.5 * {words / sentences} - 21.43

Also, your program should read a file instead of typing a text manually. You should pass the filename through the command 
line arguments.

The program should output the score itself and an approximate age needed to comprehend the text.

Use the appropriate rounding function to calculate the score as integer.

You should also print how many characters, words, and sentences the text has.

The number of characters is any visible symbol (so, in the real text it's everything except space, newline "\n" and tab "\t").

Notice, that the text can contain multiple lines, not just a single line like in the previous stages. You should analyze 
all the lines.

Examples:

Example 1

> java Main in.txt

The text is:
Readability is the ease with which a reader can understand a written text. In natural language, the readability of text 
depends on its content and its presentation. Researchers have used various factors to measure readability. Readability is 
more than simply legibility, which is a measure of how easily a reader can distinguish individual letters or characters 
from each other. Higher readability eases reading effort and speed for any reader, but it is especially important for those 
who do not have high reading comprehension. In readers with poor reading comprehension, raising the readability level of a 
text from mediocre to good can make the difference between success and failure

Words: 108
Sentences: 6
Characters: 580
The score is: 12.86
This text should be understood by 17-18 year-olds.
Example 2

> java Main in.txt
The text is:
This is the page of the Simple English Wikipedia. A place where people work together to write encyclopedias in different 
languages. That includes children and adults who are learning English. There are 142,262 articles on the Simple English 
Wikipedia. All of the pages are free to use. They have all been published under both the Creative Commons License 3 and 
the GNU Free Documentation License. You can help here! You may change these pages and make new pages. Read the help pages 
and other good pages to learn how to write pages here. You may ask questions at Simple talk.

Words: 100
Sentences: 10
Characters: 476
The score is: 5.98
This text should be understood by 10-11 year-olds. 